I'm sorry, Abo, why don't you let me go?
We were not slightly burned to death, but our legs were already numb.
Principles speak.
Of course I can speak, but I didn’t ask for money when we first met.
That’s why I avoided saying anything.
How can you stay safe if you don't speak? So what's the logic?
In fact, Wang Taoshang was not unreasonable in the past.
At that time we had no language and no licenses or cars.
We all worked and lived together, but then a stranger came to visit.
It was she who understood our language, and also brought some weapons with us,
As the situation progressed, Wang Taoshang was no longer at peace.
Studying abroad and making up for the war in the end
We were divided into two groups, Sirius and Saint Pang.
It turns out that those and if they are secretaries
That's the guy who came here
Later, no one outside died
In order to prevent weapons from looking at people again
and shouted at them all
But at that time I was still a junior commander
I lost my head and hid a bag of secretaries to keep.
Then why did you give me your secretary again?
Because I think you are a good person
With those secretaries
You can survive on the brain. I'm fine. I'm fine.